Let's look at an existing ECS cluster.
From the AWS management console,
I'm going to type "ECS" and click on it.
The first thing that I want to show you is what's called a task definition.
This is an application blueprint that
describes the container information for your application.
In this case, the app is a web application.
Let's click on this.
Let's click on the second revision.
Notice, among other things,
the task definition defines the memory and the CPU needed.
Overall, the Amazon ECS service launches and maintains copies of task definitions.
That's why we saw multiple versions on the previous page.
Next, there's a concept of what's called a cluster.
So let's click on that.
A cluster is simply a set of container Instances running the container agent.
Let's click on the ''Default Cluster.''
Within this cluster, there is one web application running,
and it's shown here.
Let's click on the service name.
Next, I'm going to click on the "Load Balancer Name".
I'm going to click on the "Load Balancer name".
Again, here I'm trying to get to the URL for the web application.
Notice that's shown here,
under DNS name.
Let's copy that.
Let's open a new web browser,
to bring up our web application.
Now, we see a "Congratulations" message.
This is simply the welcome message from the web application that shows
we have a web app up and running on a container in Amazon ECS.
This was a quick look at an existing ECS container.